README.md, before:

# The Namegame

Learning your coworkers names while starting a new job can be very useful. Your test project is to make it happen! We have a simple version hosted at [https://wta-namegame.herokuapp.com/](https://wta-namegame.herokuapp.com/) which you can test. The API is located at [https://wta-namegame.herokuapp.com/api/game](https://wta-namegame.herokuapp.com/api/game).

## Option 1

Present the user with five faces and ask them to identify the listed name. This is essentially what is working already. To spruce things up, implement a few features of your choice.

1. Team mode. The API returns people who used to work here too. Current team members have titles and former team members don't. **Done!**
2. Stat tracking. How many correct / incorrect attempts did the user make? How long does it take on average for a person to identify the subject?
3. Reverse mode. Show five names with one picture.
4. Keyboard shortcuts. Power users love keyboard shortcuts; maybe add numbers for faces for mouse free fun.
5. Local scoring. The server might not accept scores, but you can always track it locally. Make metrics of your own and have a leader board!
6. Matt Mode. Roughly 90% of our co-workers are named Matt, so add a challenge mode where you only present the users with a Matt. **This was already done.**
7. Hint mode. As people wait, faces disappear until only the correct one is left.

My own ideas, already implemented, are here:

8. Sort people by the last letter of their last names.

9. Exclude the people who either have no profile pictures or have only a generic WillowTree logo as a picture.

10. Exclude duplicates.

11. Select only women or only men.

12. Choose a set of either all women or all men; a coin toss will make both equally likely.

## Option 2

Feel like taking the path less trodden? Do you know a better way to learn faces than to present five options and a name? Come up with your own memory game!

## Conclusion

We have provided you with a few files to get you started. Feel free to discard everything and start from scratch. You may use any framework or library you like.

If you need a simple http server, we recommend [http-server](https://www.npmjs.org/package/http-server).

Commit message:

updated the correct version of the readme
I had updated a duplicate .txt version of the readme previously, so I deleted that one and updated the .md version.

README.md, after:

# The Namegame

Learning your coworkers names while starting a new job can be very useful. Your test project is to make it happen! We have a simple version hosted at [https://wta-namegame.herokuapp.com/](https://wta-namegame.herokuapp.com/) which you can test. The API is located at [https://wta-namegame.herokuapp.com/api/game](https://wta-namegame.herokuapp.com/api/game).

## Option 1

Present the user with five faces and ask them to identify the listed name. This is essentially what is working already. To spruce things up, implement a few features of your choice.

1. Team mode. The API returns people who used to work here too. Current team members have titles and former team members don't. **Done!**
2. Stat tracking. How many correct / incorrect attempts did the user make? How long does it take on average for a person to identify the subject?
3. Reverse mode. Show five names with one picture.
4. Keyboard shortcuts. Power users love keyboard shortcuts; maybe add numbers for faces for mouse free fun.
5. Local scoring. The server might not accept scores, but you can always track it locally. Make metrics of your own and have a leader board!
6. Matt Mode. Roughly 90% of our co-workers are named Matt, so add a challenge mode where you only present the users with a Matt. **This was already done.**
7. Hint mode. As people wait, faces disappear until only the correct one is left.

My own ideas, already implemented, are here:

8. Sort people by the last letter of their last names.

9. Exclude the people who either have no profile pictures or have only a generic WillowTree logo as a picture.

10. Exclude duplicates.

11. Select only women or only men.

12. Choose a set of either all women or all men; a coin toss will make both equally likely.

13. Create a German version and let the user switch back and forth between the two.

## Option 2

Feel like taking the path less trodden? Do you know a better way to learn faces than to present five options and a name? Come up with your own memory game!

## Conclusion

We have provided you with a few files to get you started. Feel free to discard everything and start from scratch. You may use any framework or library you like.

If you need a simple http server, we recommend [http-server](https://www.npmjs.org/package/http-server).
